+++
title = "Coreform Cubit 2021.4"
description = "Cubit 2021.4 has officially been released, featuring bug fixes and improved access to functionality"
date = "2021-04-22"
publishdate = "2021-05-5"
featured = false
featured_image = "/products/coreform-cubit/purple-hero.png"
layout = "news"
+++

## Cubit 2021.4

Cubit 2021.3 contained several critical packaging and installation issues for Linux users, stemming from new functionality we recently added to Coreform Cubit. Those issues have been fixed in this release and thoroughly tested on Ubuntu 20.04 and CentOS7. We believe these fixes should address similar issues on other Linux distributions.

Beginning with the 2021.3 release, we now package the Cubit SDK with Coreform Cubit. You can find documentation for the SDK by opening the ./docs/Cubit-SDK/index.html file within your Coreform Cubit 2021.4 installation directory.

{{% centering %}}

[Coreform Cubit 2021.4 Release Notes](https://coreform.com/products/coreform-cubit/release_notes/v2021.4/)

{{% /centering %}}

## Cubit 2021.3

Coreform Cubit 2021.3 was released in March of 2021 with several user experience improvements and bug fixes. 

Due to an incompatibility, Sculpt meshing functionality was not included with Coreform Cubit 2020.2. Sculpt is now available in Coreform Cubit 2021.3. In addition, beginning with this release, the latest version of Coreform Cubit is available on a publicly accessible downloads page—logging into your user account is no longer required for downloading new versions of Coreform Cubit. These downloads still require licensing to run; however, public access to the [downloads page](https://coreform.com/products/downloads/) will make it easier for customers to access both the latest release and developer builds.

{{% centering %}}

[Coreform Cubit 2021.3 Release Notes](https://coreform.com/products/coreform-cubit/release_notes/v2021.3/)

{{% /centering %}}

{{% vspace "3em" %}}
Want to know more? Visit the [forum](https://forum.coreform.com/t/coreform-cubit-2021-4-released/1082) or email us at support@coreform.com